Update sqlmetal-exe-code-generation-tool.md (#33577)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/tools/sqlmetal-exe-code-generation-tool.md

  
- From a .dbml file, generate code and mapping attributes or a mapping file.  
  

> This tool is automatically installed with Visual Studio 2019 or previous. By default, the file is located at `drive`:\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v`n.nn`\bin. If you do not install Visual Studio, you can also get the SQLMetal file by downloading the [Windows SDK](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=142225).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is automatically installed with Visual Studio 2019 and earlier versions. By default, the file is located at *%ProgramFiles%\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\[version]\bin*. If you don't install Visual Studio, you can also get the SQLMetal file by downloading the [Windows SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=8279).  
```
